add support for SKR in eventing fast-integration tests (#12588)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/eventing-test/README.md

# Eventing Test

> This test covers end-to-end flow for Kyma eventing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Overview 

This test covers the end-to-end flow for Eventing.
```
Just a small change according to the [template](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/templates/repository-template/README.md) + we usually refer to the area as Eventing instead of Kyma Eventing. Thank you for updating the readme 🙂
